# SDN-MEC-ICN-consumer-mobility

## An open source framework to simulate mobility in a SDN-MEC-ICN architecture

### Table of Contents:
- Getting all the materials
- Setting everything up
- Using the code
- Additional Support

1. Getting all the materials  
The SDN-MEC-ICN framework is available at [this link](https://github.com/telematics-dev/SDN-MEC-ICN-consumer-mobility). To run the framework you also need:
	- BRITE simulator, available at [this link](https://github.com/unly/brite).
	- MATLAB software, available at [this link](https://it.mathworks.com/products/matlab.html).
	- Dijkstra's Shortest Path Algorithm implementation for MATLAB, available at [this link](https://it.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/12850-dijkstra-s-shortest-path-algorithm).
	
2. Setting everything up  
Create a folder and insert the MATLAB scripts provided on Git and the Dijkstra script. 
Then, create a subfolder named "map" and a subfolder named "output-N", where N is the number of nodes considered in the BRITE topology files.
Insert the topology files generated by BRITE in the "output-N" folder.

3. Using the code  
First, open and run the voronoi_map_association script. Enter the number of nodes considered in the BRITE topology files and the number of generated topology files.
Second, open and run the mobility_simulation script. Enter the number of nodes considered in the BRITE topology files, the number of consumers interested in the same contents, the number of generated topology files and the number of simulations per topology. 
Third, open and run the model_implementation script. Enter the number of nodes considered in the BRITE topology files and the number of consumers interested in the same contents.

4. Additional Support  
Please refer to this web page for additional support. Topology files examples are already provided in the project folder.

© 2020 - TELEMATICS LAB - Politecnico di Bari
